Perhaps the hottest topic in the world right now is artificial intelligence.
When people talk about this,
they often talk about machine learning,
and specifically, neural networks.
Now, neural networks should be familiar with you.
If you put your hands like this,
left and right, do it,
then between your hands is a big neural network called
your brain with something like 10 to 11 neurons, is crazy.
What people have done in the last decades kind of abstracted this big mass in
your brain into a basis set of equations that emulate a network of artificial neurons.
Then people have invented ways to train these systems based on data.
So, rather than instructing a machine with rules like a piece of software,
these neural networks are trained based on data.
So, you're going to learn the very basics for now, perception, backpropagation,
terminology that doesn't make sense yet,
but by the end of this unit,
you should be able to write and code and train your own neural network.
That's a ton of fun.